https://codepen.io/jordan-smith-the-styleful/pen/JjdpoMy?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
       HTML that gives meaning to our content.   
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create webpages. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the title of your webpage, and should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Both img and a tags require attributes. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Informatin we don't want the user to see. 
    7. What is an id? 
        It is specific identifier for an HTML element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
         You can add an id to any element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can only use an id once. 
    10. What is a class? 
        It is a way for you to edit muptial things 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any HTML element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class as many times as you want on a webpage. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By adding a target="_blank" attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        If an image cannot be viewed the alt attribute gives alternet information for the the image. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        By using a (#) along with the name of that id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are used with a purpose to gather things, whereas div's are used more generally. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style your webpage. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You would select every h2 element by h2*. 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used for multiple elements, whereas an id us used for a specific element. So if you wanted to make the same change to multiple elements you would use a class, but if you wanted to change one element you would use an id. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        We use a (.) to select classes. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        Bt using a decending selector.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector selects elements that are in a specific state, such as if they are being hovered over by the mouse.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height property. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        By using Lowercase: to make everything lowercase, and uppercase: to make everything uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        .div{
            border-width:1px;
            boarder-style: dotted;
            boarder-color: black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        By using a *.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* This is how you write a comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        So that yu can go back to a working version of your code, just incase something goes wrong. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        It is recommended that you should commit every 20-30  min to github.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create your own version of repo, add your TL, clone your repo, in your CLI use the cd command to go to the director where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo, use the git clone (link) command to clone the repo, cd into newly created repo using the cd(repo-name) command, use the git checkout -b "firstname-lastname" command to create your own branch name for the repo, create pull request. 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. block elements on the other hand, typicall cause a line break to occur.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        If an element is positioned absolutely the element's computed position is fixed.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 